forget something good the next back I
could feel it I can feel it oh yeah I
can feel it oh yeah oh I felt it yep
it's good alright alright alright
alright messy messy messy messy messy
boom Sanchez the dirty sanchez we like
that Sanchez I don't know if he goes for
a lot but he is 85 rated an 88 page like
that Lewandowski you I can't he be
informed I got him last time I so look
like a hundred AK or some crazy crap
let's put this guy the club Dirty
Sanchez somebody will but Lewandowski
somebody better one is he's a good
player and yeah nice not too bad of a
player otherwise discarding pack yeah we
got something good there alright man
alright gonna slow this down a little
bit we're gonna have to walk do some
work boom sooo some shaking Susan nipple
rubbage we've done nipple rubs in a
while all right fifa points let's do it
let's do it inform inform inform oh ho
you know what might have to build a
squat round that 85 rated you like that
can't build a sweater on him max I'm
giving away but yeah take that guy just
take them and this food right here
Kershaw cough nice all right 81 striker
put him in guardado as well I love the
hair dude really really suits you all
right otherwise I am awesome toss this
pack how this is cool man i finally got
some players players to give away hoping
for something big in this last pack I
don't know what he is doing to me but
they need to do something better 150
fifa points x 2 plus 50 let's do it kids
haha come on baby gimme gimme gimme
gimme oh I just got this guy dude come
on who do i get for my club bent nerd or
sicky oh my gosh are you serious Dante
loving the hair bro oh my haha get the
guy all the time oh my gosh tripod you
flamer um yeah thanks thank you
appreciate it somebody want to bend
their last time we'll keep him otherwise
very discardable pack not even wanting
this guy let's get rid of all and move
on
the next pack I'm Stuart one more one
more come on breva let's get another bag
of room boom Maria ah just got this guy
ah come on get up every bag opening this
is twice already it's ridiculous
diculous I tell you rub leg leg Aroo
give it a moving Joe Hart is on the car
let's do another pack let's get somebody
good for you for you boom say czar he's
a key bar is he a good keyboard he's not
even a good key bar he's not even a gay
bar what the heck 33 paste oh my gosh
Hernandez 3412 terrible formation
nobody's gonna want that one sorry
Benzema give me some luck Benzema come
on baby let's do it get it on get it on
and do it right get me Oh son what's up
son come on come on 82 rated there we go
there we go 57 pace I know you guys love
that 342 in formation yet another
terrible formation sorry d Bob I like
you so it's not working out so far holy
moly we got a couple good cards with
those five openers but nothing crazy
come on tour a nice there we go yeah
yeah yeah yeah no you guys are gonna see
something don't take it as duplicate
what we need is a duplicate Ivory Coast
guy in my team hmm put him in the trade
pile 2100 left let's get it open and
break away come on y'all then drow let
drowning dro nothing going on now 82
radio like a fiber cones 500,000 okay
all right Landrum yeah you're good this
guy to ya sweet else we got going here
500 coins what no such crappy car and
maybe on I broski knows let's do it
let's get this pack opening thoroughly
boom oh yes i love this guy's hair he's
my
favorite the wig on this brah what up
brah you suck Joe Hart do it for me bro
do it for me do me a solid brah come on
brah boom who do you say I doesn't go
for a lot of coins but he's a decent
keeper was in my Brazilian squad yes you
like him throw him into the club
somebody shout but one says AHA all
right accent Joe Hart do it for me bros
do for me do it together makes it sweet
oreo love yes well back ah pc Brock
right there right there somebody will
want him fo sho you had a great game you
today nice Lovick all right well played
bravo Bravo like him to let hair bra
yeah man yeah we'll keep you see what
happens there